ThreadBear keeps Codex task titles useful with one status icon at the end of each turn.

Usage:
  threadbear <command> [flags]

Commands:
  install      Show what will change, then install ThreadBear
  title        Return this task's status icon policy for Codex to apply
  onboard      Preview or prepare existing-task onboarding
  status       Check whether ThreadBear and daily updates are ready
  self-test    Validate a release candidate
  update       Verify and install the latest release
  uninstall    Show what will be removed, then remove ThreadBear
  version      Show the installed version

Every command accepts --json.

Title:
  threadbear title --status <complete|next_steps|needs_input|blocked|automation> --json

The managed guidance runs title exactly once immediately before a final response.
The helper is stateless. The mounted Codex app reads the exact current title and applies at most one icon change. A returned failure stays local and is never retried.

Onboard:
  threadbear onboard --dry-run --json
  threadbear onboard --noninteractive --confirm --json

The preview enumerates the complete local catalog before any write. The confirmed command takes a fresh complete snapshot and prepares every safe target with no item cap. Managed guidance immediately rereads each prepared task, skips drift, applies at most once, and reports updated, skipped, unchanged, and unconfirmed counts.

Install flags:
  --dry-run         Preview without changing the machine
  --noninteractive  Do not prompt
  --confirm         Confirm the described install or reset
  --reset           Replace a consented, native-cleaned legacy 2.2.1 installation
  --no-onboard      Install without offering historical onboarding

Uninstall flags:
  --dry-run         Preview without changing the machine
  --noninteractive  Do not prompt
  --confirm         Confirm removal

Guided actions preview what will happen and what stays untouched before consent. After tools finish, the final response must recap the result, uncertainty, and next action so the summary stays visible.
